Hey, the Longmen Village feast was ruined
The expert project has been cancelled
I can't even get into the Global Business Summit now
Tianjiao, don't worry about this.
I'll figure it out.
My Chen family still has some people in this regard
It's all Ye Longyuan's fault
It made us so miserable.
I'm not finished with him
It's useless to say it now
The key is how to solve the problem
Solve what?
What happened to Qianjiao?
Why are you back?
God visited Yancheng
I am appointed by the Holy King Qinglan
Come to be responsible for the protection of the Lord God
You haven't said what happened.
It's all my ex-husband Ye Longyuan's fault
As a result, the canonization banquet was destroyed
Tang family project cancelled
Now we can't even get into the Global Business Chapter.
Your ex-husband is so bad
But don't worry.
I am the Holy Throne of Qinglan, the god of war Xia Lieyang
I can help you with this.
Really, Master Yu?
Well, thank you very much.
Qianjiao, you will see the outside world when you say this.
I am a high-level official at Tianmen
Isn't that a small thing?
Master Yu, there is one more thing
Aren't you in charge of the Lord God's protection?
Can you take me to meet the Lord God?
I can promise you about green peppers.
But God can't see you
It's not up to me to decide